feat: created section for extension list-of-values (#328)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/userman/gui/extension/dynamic_element/list_of_value_props.md

In the previous section, we discussed creating dynamic elements. In Taipy GUI, lists can be bound to Python variables or
expressions, allowing real-time updates in the UI. Custom elements that handle lists should define their properties using
the `PropertyType^` class to specify the format of list values. This setup supports multidimensional data binding, ensuring
that any changes to the list automatically refresh the display.

# Using list of values

> In this section, we will expand the dynamic element library by adding a new dynamic custom element.

Reviewer: I would certainly give a rough idea of what we plan to do, before we explain how.

Like : "we will build a visual element that can represent a list of blahblah..." see?

This dynamic element will accept a property containing a list of values and display it within a list. When a Python
variable is bound to this property, updates to the variable will immediately reflect in the list content shown on the
page, ensuring real-time synchronization.

## Declaring a dynamic element {data-source="gui:doc/extension/example_library/example_library.py#L45"}

Starting from the code mentioned above, here is how you would declare this new element:

> ```py   title="example_library.py"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python title="example_library.py"
```

from taipy.gui.extension import Element, ElementLibrary, ElementProperty, PropertyType

class ExampleLibrary(ElementLibrary):
    def __init__(self) -> None:
        # Initialize the set of visual elements for this extension library
        self.elements = {
            "visual_label_list": Element(
                "lov",
                {
                    "lov": ElementProperty(PropertyType.lov),
                    "sort": ElementProperty(PropertyType.string),
                },
                # The name of the React component (VisualLabelList) that implements this custom
                # element, exported as LabeledItemList in front-end/src/index.ts
                react_component="VisualLabelList",
            )
        }
```
The detailed explanation of the code is as follows:

- The *visual_label_list* element includes two properties: *lov* and *sort*.
- The *lov* property has the type `PropertyType.lov^`, meaning it holds a list of values and is dynamic.
- The *sort* property has the type `PropertyType.string^`, meaning it holds a string value. Because this property is
  static, it is not updated automatically should the bound variable be changed.

> - get_name() and get_elements() remain the same as in the previous stages of building the extension library example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *get_name()* and *get_elements()* remain the same as in the previous stages of building the extension library example.
```

                            <img src={item.item.path} alt={item.item.text} style={styles.image} />
                        )}
                        {item.id}
                    </li>
                ))}
            </ul>
        </div>
    );
};

export default VisualLabelList;
```

The detailed explanation of the code is as follows:

- The *lov* property, defined as `PropertyType.lov^`, expects a value of type
  [`LoV`](../../../../refmans/reference_guiext/type-aliases/LoV.md).
- Using Taipy GUI’s [`useLovListMemo()`](../../../../refmans/reference_guiext/functions/useLovListMemo.md) hook, we
  create a memoized list of values based on this *lov* property, efficiently managing the component’s list of values.
- To enhance this list, we can apply sorting using the *sort* property, which accepts either “asc” for ascending or
  “desc” for descending order. Since *sort* is static, a default value is unnecessary. When set to "asc" or "desc," the
  list is sorted accordingly. If *sort* is not defined in the script, the list displays values in their original order.

## Exporting the React component {data-source="gui:doc/extension/example_library/front-end/src/index.ts"}

> When the component is entirely defined, it must be exported by the JavaScript library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the component is entirely defined, it must be exported by the library's JavaScript bundle.
```
?

> The previous section on [Tabular properties](tabular_data_props.md) explains creating dynamic elements for tabular data values.

Reviewer: So in my opinion, this section will appear *before* the one on tabular data, since it's far easier to grasp.

> For collections like lists, a more complex setup is needed to support dynamically updating arrays. In Taipy GUI, lists

Reviewer: "more complex setup"", really?

can bind to Python variables or expressions, instantly reflecting changes in the UI. Custom elements handling lists must

> declare their properties, similar to tabular properties, using the PropertyType class to define array formats. This allows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
declare their properties, similar to tabular properties, using the `PropertyType^` class to define array formats. This allows
```

> multidimensional data binding, so any changes to the list refresh the UI display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multidimensional data binding, so any changes to the list refresh the display.
```

page, ensuring real-time synchronization.

## Declaring a dynamic element {data-source="gui:doc/extension/example_library/example_library.py#L45"}

Starting from the code mentioned above, here is how you would declare this new element:
```py   title="example_library.py"
from taipy.gui.extension import Element, ElementLibrary, ElementProperty, PropertyType

class ExampleLibrary(ElementLibrary):
    def __init__(self) -> None:
        # Initialize the set of visual elements for this extension library
        self.elements = {
            "visual_label_list": Element(
                "lov",
                {
                    "lov": ElementProperty(PropertyType.lov),
                    "sort": ElementProperty(PropertyType.string),
                },
                # The name of the React component (VisualLabelList) that implements this custom
                # element, exported as LabeledItemList in front-end/src/index.ts
                react_component="VisualLabelList",
            )
        }
```
The declaration of this dynamic element is very similar to what we created in the

> [Tabular properties](tabular_data_props.md). The detailed explanation of the code is as follows:

Reviewer: same remark

- The *visual_label_list* element includes two properties: *lov* and *sort*.

> - The *lov* property has the type *PropertyType.lov*, meaning it holds a list of value and is dynamic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The *lov* property has the type `PropertyType.lov`, meaning it holds a list of values and is dynamic.
```

> - The *sort* property has the type *PropertyType.string*, meaning it holds a string value. Because this property is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The *sort* property has the type `PropertyType.string^`, meaning it holds a string value. Because this property is
```

>   static, it would nevertheless not reflect changes in the bound variable values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  static, it is not updated automatically should the bound variable be changed.
```

> - The *get_name()* method in the *ExampleLibrary* class returns the name of the library as a string. This name is used

Reviewer: You don't need to repeat these.
get_name() and get_elements() were already explained in the sections before.

You may want to say: "get_name() and get_elements() remain the same as in the previous stages of building the extension library example."

}

const styles = {
    listItem: {
        display: "flex",
        alignItems: "center",
    },
    image: {
        marginRight: "8px",
        width: "1em",
        height: "1em",
    },
};

const VisualLabelList: React.FC<VisualLabelListProps> = ({ lov, defaultLov = "", sort }) => {
    const lovList = useLovListMemo(lov, defaultLov);

    const sortedLovList = useMemo(() => {
        if (sort) {
            return lovList.slice().sort((a, b) => {
                return sort === "asc" ? a.id.localeCompare(b.id) : b.id.localeCompare(a.id);
            });
        }
        return lovList;
    }, [lovList, sort]);

    return (
        <div>
            <ul>
                {sortedLovList.map((item, index) => (
                    <li key={index} style={styles.listItem}>
                        {typeof item.item === "string" ? null : (
                            <img src={item.item.path} alt={item.item.text} style={styles.image} />
                        )}
                        {item.id}
                    </li>
                ))}
            </ul>
        </div>
    );
};

export default VisualLabelList;
```

The detailed explanation of the code is as follows:

> - The *lov* property, defined as *PropertyType.lov*, expects a value of type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The *lov* property, defined as `PropertyType.lov^`, expects a value of type
```

  [*LoV*](../../../../refmans/reference_guiext/type-aliases/LoV.md).

> - Using Taipy GUI’s [*useLovListMemo*](../../../../refmans/reference_guiext/functions/useLovListMemo.md) hook, we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using Taipy GUI’s [`useLovListMemo()^`](../../../../refmans/reference_guiext/functions/useLovListMemo.md) hook, we
```

# Using list of values

In this section, we'll design a visual component that represents a list of programming languages. Each language will be
displayed with its name and an icon.

> This dynamic component will take a property containing a list of values and render them as a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This visual element will take a property containing a list of values and render them as a list.
```
Avoid "component", "widget" and the like as much as you can. This is confusing.
